We're back to talking about images, again, in this section.
It's a level up from the previous sections on images.
In the past, you've learned about good, efficient images
using all the features of Dockerfiles, the modern features
like BuildKit and multistage, and all that stuff for really
getting great Node Dockerfiles.
Now, we're going to focus on specific features to layer
on top of that, just for production, to make sure
that you have all the last, little tidbits for your
production workloads. Before, we were really focused, a
little, bit on development and testing.
Now, we're going to add in those production features on top
of that. I've got some good assignments in there that you
should definitely use to retain knowledge and to test
whether you were paying attention.
Once you're done with this section, you're really going to
have a one-two punch on image building
using all the latest features for both dev and production
workloads in the same Dockerfiles.
That's a really great thing that we have finally in
2018-2019.
You're going to learn all about the rest of those features
in this section.